[#139] Add type-errors for `LogAction` instances (#169)
kowainik/co-log: co-log-core/CHANGELOG.md

* [#122](https://github.com/kowainik/co-log/issues/122):
  Add the `separate` combinator.
* [#139](https://github.com/kowainik/co-log/issues/139):

>   Add (unrepresentable) 'Functor' instance for 'LogAction' with the custom type-error.

Reviewer: Minor formatting suggestion :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
  Add (unrepresentable) `Functor` instance for `LogAction` with the custom type-error.
```
